README.md, before:

# node-distribute
> continuous deployment of node services, make your own vpn ☁️

[![Npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/node-distribute.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-distribute)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute.svg)](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute#info=devDependencies)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute?branch=master)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/node-distribute.svg)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/node-distribute.svg)

![node-distribute](./docs/node-distribute-logo.png)

To learn more visit [http://www.gabrielcsapo.com/node-distribute/](http://www.gabrielcsapo.com/node-distribute/)

## updating docs

If you update the docs, please also copy changes to `/test/fixtures/main-app`

Thank you!

Commit message:

add jsdoc (#83)
- dev
    - fixes eslinting to ignore functional/fixtures directory
    - enforced the usage of semicolons
        - updated the files that failed to have this rule
    - updates .npmignore to include jsdoc.json
    - updates the travis.yml file to run the test script as well as coveralls
    - updated the readme to have a little bit more information
    - updated the readme to point at the hosted image instead of the local one
    - updated the doc page to point at the new jsdoc entry
    - added  to the npm scripts
- backend
    - adds jsdoc to all files that need it

README.md, after:

# node-distribute
> continuous deployment of node services, make your own vpn ☁️

[![Npm Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/node-distribute.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-distribute)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute.svg)](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute)
[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute#info=devDependencies)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute?branch=master)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/node-distribute.svg)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/node-distribute.svg)

![node-distribute](https://github.com/gabrielcsapo/node-distribute/blob/master/docs/node-distribute-logo.png?raw=true)

node-distribute is a standalone SAAS application that deploys NodeJS and static assets.

To learn more visit [http://www.gabrielcsapo.com/node-distribute/](http://www.gabrielcsapo.com/node-distribute/)

## Contributions

- If you update the docs, please also copy changes to `/test/fixtures/main-app`
- If you update the code in any way that changes the interface, please update the jsdoc and tests that validate functionality

Thank you!
